README.md, before:

# FeedHenry RainCatcher user [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/feedhenry-raincatcher/raincatcher-user.png)](https://travis-ci.org/feedhenry-raincatcher/raincatcher-user)

A module for FeedHenry RainCatcher that manages users, groups and memberships. It provides :
- Backend services to handle CRUD operations for user, group and membership.
- Frontend directives and services providing CRUD clients for user, group and membership.


## Client-side usage

### Client-side usage (via broswerify)

#### Setup
This module is packaged in a CommonJS format, exporting the name of the Angular namespace.  The module can be included in an angular.js as follows:

```javascript
angular.module('app', [
, require('fh-wfm-user')
...
])
```

#### Integration

##### Angular Services

This module provides 3 injectable CRUDL services :

- `userClient` : to create, read, list, update and delete users.
- `groupClient` : to create, read, list, update and delete groups.
- `membershipClient` : to create, read, list, update and delete groups.

the `userClient` has these extra functions : `auth`, `hasSession`, `clearSession`, `verify` and `getProfile`

Example usage :
```javascript
resolve: {
        worker: function($stateParams, userClient) {
          return userClient.read($stateParams.workerId);
        }
```
For a more complete example around CRUD operations, please check the [demo portal app](https://github.com/feedhenry-raincatcher/raincatcher-demo-portal/blob/master/src/app/worker/worker.js).

For a more complete example around user authentication operations, please check the [this](https://github.com/feedhenry-raincatcher/raincatcher-demo-portal/blob/master/src/app/auth/auth.js).

##### Directives

| Name | Attributes |
| ---- | ----------- |
| worker-list | workers, selectedModel |
| worker | worker, group |
| worker-form | value, group |
| group-list | groups, selectedModel |
| group | group, members |
| group-form | value |

## Usage in an express backend and mbaas service

### Setup express backend end
The server-side component of this RainCatcher module exports a function that takes express and mediator instances as parameters, as in:

```javascript
var express = require('express')
  , app = express()
  , mbaasExpress = mbaasApi.mbaasExpress()
  , mediator = require('fh-wfm-mediator/lib/mediator')
  ;
// Set authServiveGuid
var authServiceGuid = process.env.WFM_AUTH_GUID;

// configure the express app
...

// setup the wfm user router
require('fh-wfm-user/lib/router/cloud')(mediator, app, authServiceGuid);

```

### Setup mbaas service

```javascript
var express = require('express')
  , app = express()
  , mbaasExpress = mbaasApi.mbaasExpress()
  , mediator = require('fh-wfm-mediator/lib/mediator')
  ;
// Set authServiveGuid
var authServiceGuid = process.env.WFM_AUTH_GUID;

// configure the express app
...

// setup the wfm user router
require('fh-wfm-user/lib/router/mbaas')(mediator, app);
```

For a more complete example check [here](https://github.com/feedhenry-raincatcher/raincatcher-demo-auth)

### Environment variables
The `WFM_AUTH_POLICY_ID` env var can be set in the WFM cloud APP to override the default `wfm` auth policy ID.

### Exposed CRUD endpoints

Base url : `/api/wfm/[group|user|membership|`

| resource | method | returns |
| -------- | ------ | ------- |
| / | GET | array of users/groups/memberships |
| /:id | GET | user/group/membership |
| /:id | PUT | updated user/group/membership |
| / | POST | created user/group/membership |
| /:id | DELETE | deleted user/group/membership |

### Exposed Auth endpoints

Base url : `/api/wfm/user`

| resource | method | returns |
| -------- | ------ | ------- |
| /auth | all | `{satus: 'ok', userId: username, sessionToken: sessiontoken, authResponse: profileData}` |
| /verifysession | all | `{isValid: true}` |
| /revokesession | all | `{}` |



### message data structure example
- user :

```javascript

  {
    "id" : "156340",
    "username" : "trever",
    "name" : "Trever Smith",
    "position" : "Senior Truck Driver",
    "phone" : "(265) 725 8272",
    "email" : "trever@wfm.com",
    "notes" : "Trever doesn't work during the weekends.",
    "avatar" : "https://s3.amazonaws.com/uifaces/faces/twitter/kolage/128.jpg",
    "banner" : "http://web18.streamhoster.com/pentonmedia/beefmagazine.com/TreverStockyards_38371.jpg"
  }

```
- group :

```javascript
  {
    id: 1010,
    name: 'Drivers',
    role: 'worker'
  }
```
- membership :

```javascript
  {
    id: 0,
    group: 1010,
    user: 156340
  }
```

Commit message:

Added user location update functionality and topics

README.md, after:

# FeedHenry RainCatcher user [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/feedhenry-raincatcher/raincatcher-user.png)](https://travis-ci.org/feedhenry-raincatcher/raincatcher-user)

A module for FeedHenry RainCatcher that manages users, groups and memberships. It provides :
- Backend services to handle CRUD operations for user, group and membership.
- Frontend directives and services providing CRUD clients for user, group and membership.

## Requirements

This modules is dependent to the Red Hat Mobile Application Platform (RHMAP).

This module requires the Red Hat Mobile Application Platform (RHMAP) Authentication Policies functionality to work correctly. See this [guide](http://docs.feedhenry.com/v3/product_features/admin.html#admin-auth_policies).

This module uses the *MBAAS* authentication Authentication Policy Provider. This means that a [MBaaS Service](http://docs.feedhenry.com/v3/product_features/services.html) provides the business logic to create and authenticate users for this module.

## Client-side usage

### Client-side usage (via broswerify)

#### Setup
This module is packaged in a CommonJS format, exporting the name of the Angular namespace.  The module can be included in an angular.js as follows:

```javascript
angular.module('app', [
, require('fh-wfm-user')
...
])
```

#### Integration

##### Angular Services

This module provides 3 injectable CRUDL services :

- `userClient` : to create, read, list, update and delete users.
- `groupClient` : to create, read, list, update and delete groups.
- `membershipClient` : to create, read, list, update and delete groups.

the `userClient` has these extra functions : `auth`, `hasSession`, `clearSession`, `verify` and `getProfile`

Example usage :
```javascript
resolve: {
        worker: function($stateParams, userClient) {
          return userClient.read($stateParams.workerId);
        }
```
For a more complete example around CRUD operations, please check the [demo portal app](https://github.com/feedhenry-raincatcher/raincatcher-demo-portal/blob/master/src/app/worker/worker.js).

For a more complete example around user authentication operations, please check the [this](https://github.com/feedhenry-raincatcher/raincatcher-demo-portal/blob/master/src/app/auth/auth.js).

##### Directives

| Name | Attributes |
| ---- | ----------- |
| worker-list | workers, selectedModel |
| worker | worker, group |
| worker-form | value, group |
| group-list | groups, selectedModel |
| group | group, members |
| group-form | value |

## Usage in an express backend and mbaas service

### Setup express backend end
The server-side component of this RainCatcher module exports a function that takes express and mediator instances as parameters, as in:

```javascript
var express = require('express')
  , app = express()
  , mbaasExpress = mbaasApi.mbaasExpress()
  , mediator = require('fh-wfm-mediator/lib/mediator')
  ;
// Set authServiveGuid
var authServiceGuid = process.env.WFM_AUTH_GUID;

// configure the express app
...

// setup the wfm user router
require('fh-wfm-user/lib/router/cloud')(mediator, app, authServiceGuid);

```

### Setup mbaas service

```javascript
var express = require('express')
  , app = express()
  , mbaasExpress = mbaasApi.mbaasExpress()
  , mediator = require('fh-wfm-mediator/lib/mediator')
  ;
// Set authServiveGuid
var authServiceGuid = process.env.WFM_AUTH_GUID;

// configure the express app
...

// setup the wfm user router
require('fh-wfm-user/lib/router/mbaas')(mediator, app);
```

For a more complete example check [here](https://github.com/feedhenry-raincatcher/raincatcher-demo-auth)

### Environment variables
The `WFM_AUTH_POLICY_ID` env var can be set in the WFM cloud APP to override the default `wfm` auth policy ID.

### Exposed CRUD endpoints

Base url : `/api/wfm/[group|user|membership]`

| resource | method | returns |
| -------- | ------ | ------- |
| / | GET | array of users/groups/memberships |
| /:id | GET | user/group/membership |
| /:id | PUT | updated user/group/membership |
| / | POST | created user/group/membership |
| /:id | DELETE | deleted user/group/membership |

### Exposed location endpoint

This endpoint updates the location for user with ID `id`.

| resource | method | returns |
| -------- | ------ | ------- |
| /:id/location | PUT | updated user |

### Exposed Auth endpoints

Base url : `/api/wfm/user`

| resource | method | returns |
| -------- | ------ | ------- |
| /auth | all | `{satus: 'ok', userId: username, sessionToken: sessiontoken, authResponse: profileData}` |
| /verifysession | all | `{isValid: true}` |
| /revokesession | all | `{}` |



### message data structure example
- user :

```javascript

  {
    "id" : "156340",
    "username" : "trever",
    "name" : "Trever Smith",
    "position" : "Senior Truck Driver",
    "phone" : "(265) 725 8272",
    "email" : "trever@wfm.com",
    "notes" : "Trever doesn't work during the weekends.",
    "avatar" : "https://s3.amazonaws.com/uifaces/faces/twitter/kolage/128.jpg",
    "banner" : "http://web18.streamhoster.com/pentonmedia/beefmagazine.com/TreverStockyards_38371.jpg"
  }

```
- group :

```javascript
  {
    id: 1010,
    name: 'Drivers',
    role: 'worker'
  }
```
- membership :

```javascript
  {
    id: 0,
    group: 1010,
    user: 156340
  }
```
